replace incorrect statement (#10084)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/tutorial/tasks.md

Flows and tasks share some common features:

> * Both are defined easily using their respective decorator, which accepts settings for that flow / task (e.g. `log_prints=True`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Both are defined using arguements provided to their respective decorator, which accepts settings for that flow / task (e.g. `log_prints=True`).
```
